What to Create: Entrants must create a working AI agent or flow (each an “Agent”) built on the GitLab Duo Agent Platform that helps with the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC). The agent must perform a specific action or workflow automation (not just a text-based chat) (each a “Project”). 

Functionality: The Project must be capable of being successfully installed and running consistently on the GitLab Duo Agent Platform and must function as depicted in the video and/or expressed in the text description.

Platforms: A submitted Project must run on the GitLab Duo Agent Platform for which it is intended and which is specified in the Submission Requirements and must be published in the GitLab AI Hackathon group here: https://gitlab.com/gitlab-ai-hackathon 

New & Existing: Projects must be either newly created by the Entrant or, if the Entrant’s Project existed prior to the Hackathon Submission Period, must have been significantly updated after the start of the Hackathon Submission Period. To the extent to which a component of the Project uses existing content, Entrants should explain, to the satisfaction of the Judges, acting in their sole discretion, how their Project was significantly updated during the Submission Period.

Third Party Integrations: If a Project integrates any third-party SDK, APIs and/or data, Entrant must be authorized to use them in accordance with any terms and conditions or licensing requirements of the tool.

 

Submission Requirements 

Submissions to the Hackathon must meet the following requirements:

A Project built with GitLab Duo Agent Platform and meet the above Project Requirements.

Provide a URL to the Project. All configuration YAML files included in the Submission must be the original work of the Entrant(s). The Project must contain all necessary source code, assets, and instructions required for the project to be functional. If a repository is submitted as part of a Project, the repository must be public and comply with the licensing requirements set forth in the Submission IP requirements below. The repository must include appropriate license notice file(s): an MIT License notice file for any original work created by the Entrant, and applicable license notices for any third-party open source components. The primary license should be detectable and visible at the top of the repository page (in the About section). 

Include a text description that should explain the features and functionality of your Project.

Include a demonstration video of your Project. The video portion of the Submission:

should be less than three (3) minutes. Judges are not required to watch beyond three minutes 

should include footage that shows the Project functioning on the device for which it was built

Must clearly show the Project reacting to a trigger and performing an action

must be uploaded to and made publicly visible on YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook Video, or Youku, and a link to the video must be provided on the submission form on the Hackathon Website; and

must not include third-party trademarks, or copyrighted music or other material unless the Entrant has permission to use such material.

Multiple Submissions 

An Entrant may submit more than one Submission, however, each Submission must be unique and substantially different from each of the Entrant’s other Submissions, as determined by the Sponsor and Devpost in their sole discretion.

Submission IP requirements

By entering this Hackathon, Entrants agree to the following licensing requirements:

Original Work: Any software and associated documentation files owned or created by Entrant as part of the Submission, including agent configuration YAML files, are subject to the MIT License and GitLab's Developer Certificate of Origin (version 1.1), located here: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/legal/developer_certificate_of_origin.html. 

Third-Party Components: Entrants may include third-party open source software in their Project, provided the Entrant complies with the applicable open source licenses, which must be Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved licenses. Entrants are responsible for ensuring license compatibility.

Projects must not violate the intellectual property rights or other rights including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, contract, and/or privacy rights, of any other person or entity.

Testing 

Access must be provided to an Entrant’s working Project for judging and testing by providing a link to a website, functioning demo, or a test build. If Entrant’s website is private, Entrant must include login credentials in its testing instructions. The Entrant must make the Project available free of charge and without any restriction, for testing, evaluation and use by the Sponsor, Administrator and Judges until the Judging Period ends. Judges are not required to test the Project and may choose to judge based solely on the text description, images, and video provided in the Submission.

If the Project includes software that runs on proprietary or third party hardware that is not widely available to the public, including software running on devices or wearable technology other than smartphones, tablets, or desktop computers, the Sponsor and/or Administrator reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to require the Entrant to provide physical access to the Project hardware upon request.  

Language Requirements

All Submission materials must be in English or, if not in English, the Entrant must provide an English translation of the demonstration video, text description, and testing instructions as well as all other materials submitted. 

Team Representation

If a team or organization is entering the Hackathon, they must appoint and authorize one individual (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter a Submission, on their behalf. The Representative must meet the eligibility requirements above. By entering a Submission on the Hackathon Website on behalf of a team or organization you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your team or organization.

Financial or Preferential Support 

A Project must not have been developed, or derived from a Project developed, with financial or preferential support from the Sponsor or Administrator. Such Projects include, but are not limited to, those that received funding or investment for their development, were developed under contract, or received a commercial license, from the Sponsor or Administrator any time prior to the end of Hackathon Submission Period. The Sponsor, at their sole discretion, may disqualify a Project, if awarding a prize to the Project would create a real or apparent conflict of interest.

 

5. Submission Modifications
Draft Submissions 

Prior to the end of the Submission Period, you may save draft versions of your submission on Devpost to your portfolio before submitting the Submission materials to the Hackathon for evaluation. Once the Submission Period has ended, you may not make any changes or alterations to your Submission, but you may continue to update the Project in your Devpost portfolio.

Modifications After the Submission Period

The Sponsor and Devpost may permit you to modify part of your Submission after the Submission Period for the purpose of adding, removing or replacing material that potentially infringes a third party mark or right, discloses personally identifiable information, or is otherwise inappropriate. The modified Submission must remain substantively the same as the original Submission with the only modification being what the Sponsor and Devpost permits. 

 

6. Judges & Criteria
Eligible submissions will be evaluated by a panel of judges selected by the Sponsor (the “Judges”). Judges may be employees of the sponsor or third parties, may or may not be listed individually on the Hackathon Website, and may change before or during the Judging Period. Judging may take place in one or more rounds with one or more panels of Judges, at the discretion of the sponsor. 

Stage One) The first stage will determine via pass/fail whether the ideas meet a baseline level of viability, in that the Project reasonably fits the theme and reasonably applies the required APIs/SDKs featured in the Hackathon.

Stage Two) All Submissions that pass Stage One will be evaluated in Stage Two based on the following equally weighted criteria (the “Judging Criteria”):

Entries will be judged on the following equally weighted criteria, and according to the sole and absolute discretion of the judges:

Technological Implementation: Does the project demonstrate quality software development? Does the project leverage the GitLab Duo Agent Platform (Tools, Triggers, Context)? How is the quality of the code?

Design: Is the user experience and design of the project well thought out? Is the Agent easy to install, configure, and interact with? Does the workflow make sense?

Potential Impact: How big of an impact could the project have on the target community? Does it solve a real "AI Paradox" bottleneck (e.g., reducing manual toil in planning, security, or operations)?

Quality of the Idea: How creative and unique is the project? Does the concept exist already? If so, how much does the project improve on it?

 

The scores from the Judges will determine the potential winners of the applicable prizes. The Entrant(s) that are eligible for a Prize, and whose Submissions earn the highest overall scores based on the applicable Judging Criteria, will become potential winners of that Prize.

Tie Breaking 

For each Prize listed below, if two or more Submissions are tied, the tied Submission with the highest score in the first applicable criterion listed above will be considered the higher scoring Submission. In the event any ties remain, this process will be repeated, as needed, by comparing the tied Submissions’ scores on the next applicable criterion. If two or more Submissions are tied on all applicable criteria, the panel of Judges will vote on the tied Submissions.

 

7. Intellectual Property Rights

All Submissions remain the intellectual property of the Individuals or Teams that developed them. By submitting an entry, Entrants agree to the following:

License to Promote and Use. Entrant hereby grants to Sponsor a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, and distribute those portions of the Submission owned or created by the Entrant, and any materials submitted therewith for purposes of administering and promoting the Hackathon, and evaluating the Submission. With respect to third-party open source software included in the Submission, Sponsor's rights are limited to those granted under the applicable open source license. This grant includes the right to use any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, or other recommendations provided by the Entrant related to the Submission. Sponsor may use the Submission to develop, market, and commercialize products and services.

Entrant Representations. By submitting an entry or accepting any prize, entrants represent and warrant that (a) the Submission complies with all licensing requirements set forth in Section 4 of these Official Rules; (b) submitted content is not copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless (i) entrant is the owner of such rights, (ii) entrant has permission from the rightful owner to use such content and to grant the licenses set forth in this Section 7 to the extent of such permission, or (iii) such content is third-party open source software used in compliance with its applicable open source license as required by Section 4; and (c) the content submitted does not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware or other disabling devices or harmful or malicious code.

Promotional Rights. Entrants agree that the Sponsor and Devpost shall have the right to promote the Submission and use the name, likeness, voice and image of all individuals contributing to a Submission, in any materials promoting or publicizing the Hackathon and its results, during the Hackathon Period and for three years thereafter. Submission components may be displayed to the public. All materials and responses provided with a Submission may be viewed by the Sponsor, Devpost, and judges for screening and evaluation purposes.